
	https://github.com/spiderbade/PokemonWorldwide/blob/PokemonWorldwide/Dex%20Order.txt
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/700016162230108220/722534183632764948/SPOILER_unknown.png
https://wiki.p-insurgence.com/Delta_Pokémon
https://archive-media-0.nyafuu.org/vp/image/1610/92/1610923393809.png

----

FUCHSIA AREA
	stone town/evolution mt [between cinnbar and fuchsia]
	mt. spirit [distance of the safari zone?]
	potpourri island / wisteria town [south of fuchsia / the route below it]
	ninja school
	camomile island [route 20 east]
	CARD SHOP [sharon from pokemon duel; cammie from tcgo online]

VERMILLION AREA
	imite house


CELADON CITY
	university
	sunnytown [north end of the cycling road]
	scissor street [street]
	giant pokemon island / porta vista [cycling road bay area]
	neon city [west of fuchsia]
		grampa canyon
	mossgreen village [south of neon]
	dark city [south of mossgreen]
	hophophop/commerce town [southwest of celadon

SAFFRON CITY
	walnut tree shop
	pokemon tech
	gardenia town [southeast]


CERULEAN CITY
	bill's lighthouse [east of the cottage]
	rifure village [north of cerulean, foot of mt]
	gringey city [replaces the power plant]

PEWTER CITY
	sable/apple city [between it an mt. moon]
	rota [north of pewter]
	pokelantis [hidden ruins]

OUTLYING ISLANDS [KANTO]
	new island [between cinnabar and orange]
	dragonite island [in the vicinity of new island]

VIRIDIAN AREA
	terracotta town [east of viridian - on the coast]
	silver town [base of mt. silver]
	pokemonopolis [ruins; near pallet; hidden]
	evolution lab

BORDER AREA
	sayda island [route to johto]
	mulberry city [north of tohjo]


-–——————

#fff00f0x! / Ultra Dyson
A civilization on the surface of an active star, made hospitable to organic lifeforms through the native energy beings' surprisingly advanced technology.
55 Cancri e / Ultra Plant
A world filled with the ruins of a cybernetic civilization. It's atmosphere is cloudy and thick, blocking out all light from beyond the planet.
Abeir-Toril / Ultra Campaign
A world where humans and Pokémon coexist with everything from stock fantasy races to things even more unnatural than Pokémon. The 'humanoid races' can possess capabilities bordering on those of Pokémon, and some even use abilities derived from specific Legendaries or Mythicals.
Aether-390 / Ultra Dust
A barren planet where life can be seen on the surface rarely. Dust storms ravage the surface, scrubbing the ground clean of vegetation.
Callisto
It is the second largest moon of Jupiter. A dead world absolutely riddled with craters and blastmarks. 
Ceres
A briny world made up of mud and clay. Alien Pokémon such as Tactite and Staryu frequently crawl around the eternal wetland.
Chaos / Ultra Oblivion

Charon
An icy world bursting with cryogeysers and cryovolcanoes. In an area known as Mordor, there is a thriving civilization of Sableye.
Cracks in Time / Ultra Timeline
A set of pathways carved into the very fabric of reality. Dialga resides somewhere in the labyrinth.
Deimos
A small, rocky moon without much of anything going on.
Distortion World / Ultra Distortion
A distorted reflection of our own world where few can thrive. Giratina rules over it in its entirety. 
Dream World / Ultra Dream
This world is shaped by the collective unconscious of all beings. Humans can glimpse it for a short time when we sleep. 
Earth-Ø / Ultra Prehistore
Our world may have looked much like this, tens of millions of years ago. Pokémon we know as extinct can be found in abundance.
Earth-0 / Ultra Rot
A world where… something appears to have gone awfully awry. It looks like a wretched and rotting wasteland, but the inhabitants are surprisingly content.
Earth-1 / Ultra Antichthon
A world where monsters such as Pokémon are hunted to be trapped or slain to preserve the ecosystem, rather than captured for use as pets.
Earth-2 / Ultra Empire
A world where Team Rocket successfully brought the world under their control. Giovanni is the undisputed dictator of the continent. 
Earth-3 / Ultra Ice Age
The ice ages never stopped coming, empowering Articuno. Anything that dares to emerge from the safety of the caves is frozen solid in minutes. 
Earth-4 / Ultra Karma
A world where the legendary Clovenix’s powers spun out of control. Reality itself is unstable and played with by a mad deity who was once a man.
Earth-5 / Ultra Dystopia
A world where N maintained the position of Champion long enough for Ghetsis to succeed in his plans and subsequently dispose of him. A brutal dictatorship lacking easy access to Pokémon.
Earth-6 / Ultra Utopia
A world where Cyrus successfully snuffed out the human spirit. Humans carry out their functions as listless automatons, and it is unclear if Pokémon are even sapient.
Earth-7 / Ultra Red
A world where Red’s strength went to his head after he never lost a battle, once. The world is under a seemingly benign but incredibly strict government subject to the Pokémon Master’s whims and battlelust.
Earth-8 / Ultra Amber
A world where Team Amber successfully inflated the sun through their ridiculous schemes. Earth exists in a fragile suspended state maintained by the most powerful Pokémon.
Earth-9 / Ultra Nullius
A world seemingly devoid of human life. It seems Pokémon have a fully functioning society of their own in our place.
Earth-A / Ultra Ash
A version of Earth which holds an eerie resemblance to the animated series based on Red’s adventures. 
Earth-B / Ultra Mimic
A world where an up-and-coming trainer was accused of mocking/imitating Red’s legacy when he disappeared; he soon disappeared too. The world at large is nearly the same as ours.
Earth-C / Ultra Spelunk
Something happened that reduced the surface to continuous rubble, forcing life into a mysteriously infinite system of caves. 
Earth-D / Ultra Home
I live here!
Earth-E / Ultra Twitch
A world where Arceus split into several aspects rather than retiring its thousand arms. Chaos is something close to a non-threat due to the gods’ stringent control.
Earth-F / Ultra Forest
A serene world where humans seem to live in harmony with nature. Poké Balls were never invented, along with electrical machines in general.
Earth-G / Ultra Yugi
It seems as though Pokémon do not exist here. The economy and media are dominated by a game involving fictional monsters, supposedly based on real ones that are no longer seen around for some reason.
Earth-H / Ultra Amplified
A world thrown into geological chaos by some catastrophe. There are canyons miles deep next to sheer cliffs miles high, across the planet.
Earth-I / Ultra Blood
A world similar to Earth-A. Most regions are divided into Trainer or Ranger regions, which are quite hostile to each other. There are some humans, ‘bloodliners’, with Pokémon abilities as well.
Earth-J / Ultra Buddy
A world where Mr. Buddy successfully brainwashed the entire Unova region into loving and friendly 50s throwbacks. It’s very creepy, but physically safe. 
Earth-K / Ultra Broken
A world where the native incarnations of May, Archie, and Maxie were mutated into Pokémon-human hybrids.
Earth-L / Ultra Cemetery
Lysandre successfully wiped out all human life on Earth outside Team Flare. Human civilization is slowly being converted into a mass grave.
Earth-M / Ultra Mega
A world similar to ours. Mega Evolution and similar powerful techniques seem to be common here, boosting the general levels of power thrown around but stunting battle strategy.
Earth-N / Ultra Megalopolis
A world devoid of natural light. The former sun is an inert gaseous orb, while Earth’s civilization is the only source of any illumination for light-years around.
Earth-O / Ultra Black
A world where there is a class of trainers known as ‘heroes’ who are selected to stop conspiracies and legendary threats. They seem able to utilize mysterious powers.
Earth-P / Ultra GO
An alternate Earth where Pokémon discovered in our various regions can be found all across the globe, and trainers can claim ownership of Gyms by beating each other's Pokémon in battles. 
Earth-Q / Ultra Undead
A world ravaged by a virus which reanimates the dead. Hoenn in particular seems to be under assault by four mysterious harbingers of the apocalypse.
Earth-R / Ultra Drought
A world where Groudon overpowered Kyogre and proceeded to raze the face of the Earth. Liquid oceans are a thing of the past and staying out for longer than a minute is a recipe for heatstroke.
Earth-S / Ultra Deluge
A world where Kyogre overpowered Groudon and proceeded to drown the world. Only the highest peaks are even visible for now, and the water continues to rise ad infinitum.
Earth-T / Ultra Vestroia
A world interconnected with another planet known as Vestroia. No Pokémon exist; trainers battle with transforming ball-like creatures known as Bakugan.
Earth-U / Ultra Unown
A world where the grand force of Unown burst into the human world and proceeded to corrupt every aspect of its existence. There are no real objects, animals, or Pokémon; what is left is Unown.
Earth-V / Ultra Netop
A world where the evolution of Pokémon species and the development of human civilizations were slightly skewed. International relations are significantly more hostile.
Earth-W / Ultra Rebellion
A world where Pokémon worldwide have banded together to overthrow human civilization and stamp out any trace of our technology. It is headed by a powerful Pikachu.
Earth-X / Ultra Ruin
A world where something went horribly wrong in an energy experiment. Humanity and Pokémon escaped into space, but the world remains a toxic and brutalized wasteland.
Earth-Y / Ultra War
A world where Mewtwo bested Red’s team in battle, slew him, and proceeded to wreak havoc across the planet. Legendaries run rampant as Mewtwo systematically destroys all traces of humanity.
Earth-Z / Ultra Dragon
A world without Pokémon but with an overabundance of powerful animals. A small group of people seem to contain cosmic powers that our world can barely rival.
Enceladus
A geologically active moon orbiting saturn. It is covered in fresh, clean ice, making it an attractive stop for traveling Pokémon and nonmon aliens.
Eris
A cold and empty world absolutely doused in methane. There is little life, but a runaway burst of energy could send the dwarf planet up in flames.
Europa
A moon with a shell of ice covering a deep and dark ocean. It is replete with Water-type Pokémon and strange alien animals.
Ganymede
A moon just barely habitable for human life. In fact, there are villages of humans scattered across the surface, far-removed from any alive on Earth today.
GJ 357 d / Ultra Crater
A planet with a robust industrial civilization. The natives do not differentiate between Pokémon and animals, leaving both to do whatever in the wastelands filled with their depleted fuel cells.
Haumea
A strange little oblong-shaped world. Its surface is crystalline, making the construction of anything on it extremely difficult. There is a surprise population of Cryogonal.
Iapetus
A world with a gargantuan solid ridge along its equator. It is almost entirely composed of ice; someone standing on it can see several meters under the ground.
Infinity of Space / Ultra Slipstream
A set of pathways carved into the very fabric of reality. Palkia resides somewhere in the labyrinth.
Io
It is the most geographically active object in the solar system, with a hilarious overabundance of volcanoes. It is covered in sulfuric frost and populated by Fire-type Pokémon. 
Jupiter
A large gaseous planet rife with storms and thunder. The deepest layers are home to unimaginably sturdy Pokémon. The upper atmosphere is host to a variety of floating and hovering mons.
Luna / Ultra Moon
Our very own natural satellite. Despite the barren landscape, the close proximity to Earth and healthy population of Clefairy makes it a popular stop on the way through the Sol system.
Makemake
Most of this world is covered in nitrogen ice. There are small patches of solid land with populations of Pokémon on them, however. A notable inhabitant is the creature known as Narwhiz.
Mars
A familiar planet very near to our own. The surface is made up of iron compounds, making it a very nice place for Steel-types and not very nice for most others. 
Mercury
A rocky planet with no atmosphere whatsoever. The surface is bombarded with the sun’s rays to the result of incredible heat, while the hidden pockets of shadow are freezing.
Mimas / Ultra Shipwreck
It was recently thought to be a moon. However, physical inspection shows it to be an abandoned superweapon capable of destroying celestial bodies with the proper fuel source.
Mossdeep-10b / Ultra Burn-Up
A planet practically bathed in fire. Exposed fluids are vaporized in instants, while flesh bursts into ash. Only the sturdiest Rock and Fire-types can survive.
Mossdeep-11 / Ultra Jungle
A jungle planet lush with Pokémon and naive animal life. There are gargantuan trees that grow to be as tall as mountains. 
Mossdeep-16b / Ultra Desert
A barren desert where life lives on or under the everlasting sand. The planet has two suns, disorienting everyone that isn’t used to it.
Mossdeep-22b / Ultra Deep Sea
A craggy planet with a surface barely able to be called such. There are eternal craggy cliffs, caverns systems, and canyons which descend for miles; to depths where the air pressure itself could reduce a human to mulch.
Mossdeep-444-A / Ultra Gardens
A pretty, idyllic planet with lush vegetation and a delicious atmosphere. It has a booming population of Pokémon ripe to be caught or observed. Sometimes rocks float for no reason.
Neptune
A gaseous planet that looks as though it is made of hydrogen and methane. It is resplendent blue and populated by gaseous Pokémon.
Nowhere / Ultra Space
The middle of nowhere space. There is nothing to catch, nothing to see, nothing to find. Right?
Phobos
A small, rocky moon without much of anything going on.
Pluto
A small icy world. It is preserved as a memorial by Ayylamo as the ‘Ninth Planet’. 
PSO J318.5−22
A rogue planet floating through empty space. It lacks any sort of sunlight or external energy. 
Saturn
A gaseous planet surrounded rings of ice and rock. They are an excellent source of rare stones and hibernating Rock-types.
Sol
A burning star made of plasma and supported by furious nuclear fusion. Unless you are a creature possessing prodigious amounts of power or absurd technology, please do not walk on the sun.
Spirit World / Ultra Spirit
A world filled with insubstantial and ectoplasmic creatures. It is said that the souls of dead animals and Pokémon appear here.
Titan
A methane-atmosphere moon of Saturn with its own brand of alien life. Few aliens bother visiting, since they don’t want to disturb the natives. 
Uranus
A gaseous planet that was somehow tilted sideways post its formation. Pokémon that rely on magnetic location are thrown into a tizzy when they try to navigate on it.
Venus
A hellish world of extreme temperature, acidic atmosphere, and crushing pressure. For some godforsaken reason, Luvdisc live here. 
Void / Ultra Void
The void at the center of creation. Arceus the Thousand-Armed One resides here in its retirement. 
